hello to all, today came another
package wrapped from China was in a box
there we must have watches ordered
Like three hours for my friend
parked such a box of rykona
get settled see a white women's watch
colors
here here would not know something under the tape
either hit the glass chipped the clock works
then right now right away
I'll probably peel off suddenly
who are you stuck on
that's it
ck it is right on the glass glass
cracked
such a watch
tons here how to peak
it is not clear yet but watches like these
must be waterproof and here
the backlight turns on the button
setting reset
cat weak light than normal
there are no cracks like everything
sports watch
yes it is written that they can under water
work
waterproof 3m
I know that this 3 atmosphere can
pressure where is it and 3 hours
in watch watch bracelet
here are the plots
family backlit is the time setting
there are still watches like that
such quantities